Updates to the non-UK eligibility page (#4475)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/non-uk-qualifications.md

  - Comparability
---

To train to teach in England, you’ll need to have: 

* a bachelor’s degree from a UK or non-UK university (or other institution) 
* a maths qualification of the same standard as GCSE (General Certificate of Secondary Education) grade 4 (C) 
*  a science qualification of the same standard as GCSE grade 4 (C) if you teach pupils aged 3 to 11
* an English language qualification which meets the standard of a GCSE (General Certificate of Secondary Education) grade 4 (C) 

A GCSE is an academic qualification awarded for exams in England, usually taken at the age of 16.

## How to check your qualifications

> To check your qualifications meet the required standard in England you will need a [statement of comparability from the UK European Network of Information Centres (UK ENIC)](https://enic.org.uk/Qualifications/SOC/Default.aspx). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check your qualifications meet the required standard in England you'll need a [statement of comparability from the UK European Network of Information Centres (UK ENIC)](https://enic.org.uk/Qualifications/SOC/Default.aspx). 
```
Tiny change to make it consistent with 'you'll' across the rest of the page

Author: Have changed all the contractions to be written out in full so it matches our plan for no contractions on non-uk pages

## How to apply for teacher training

You can [search for postgraduate teacher training courses](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/) that lead to qualified teacher status (QTS).  

[Find guidance on applying for teacher training courses](/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/teacher-training-application). 

When you get offered a place on a course, your provider will arrange a background and criminal records check. This is known as a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. You must pass these checks to teach students under 18. Safeguarding checks may take longer if you are living or have lived abroad. 

You’ll also need to complete a fitness questionnaire before starting training. 

Due to rules about immigration, not all providers can accept international applicants. Check with providers before you apply.

If you're already a qualified teacher, find out how you can [teach in England if you completed your teacher training outside the UK](/non-uk-teachers/teach-in-england-if-you-trained-overseas).

## Get help

> To get help with your qualifications, you can use the live chat service at the bottom of this page. Or you can call us on +44 800 389 2500. Calls will be charged at your country's standard rate.

Reviewer 2: I think this sounds like we are going to help people get their qualifications - should this be more about `get help with checking your qualifications`?

> To get help with your qualifications, you can use the live chat service at the bottom of this page. Or you can call us on +44 800 389 2500. Calls will be charged at your country's standard rate.

Author: ```suggestion
To get help with checking your qualifications, you can use the live chat service at the bottom of this page. Or you can call us on +44 800 389 2500. Calls will be charged at your country's standard rate.
```

  - Comparability
---

To train to teach in England, you’ll need to have: 

* a bachelor’s degree from a UK or non-UK university (or other institution) 
* a maths qualification of the same standard as GCSE (General Certificate of Secondary Education) grade 4 (C) 

> * for teaching pupils aged 3 to 11, a science qualification of the same standard as GCSE grade 4 (C) 

Reviewer: Think this might need to be re-worded as it doesn't match up to the lead in sentence (you'll need to have)?

> * for teaching pupils aged 3 to 11, a science qualification of the same standard as GCSE grade 4 (C) 

Author: ```suggestion
*  a science qualification of the same standard as GCSE grade 4 (C) if you teach pupils aged 3 to 11
```

* an English language qualification which meets the standard of a GCSE (General Certificate of Secondary Education) grade 4 (C) 

A GCSE is an academic qualification awarded for exams in England, usually taken at the age of 16.

## How to check your qualifications

> To check your qualifications meet the required standard in England you’ll need a [statement of comparability from the UK European Network of Information Centres (UK ENIC)](https://enic.org.uk/Qualifications/SOC/Default.aspx). 

Reviewer: Think in other non-UK pages we use you will instead of you'll?

> To check your qualifications meet the required standard in England you’ll need a [statement of comparability from the UK European Network of Information Centres (UK ENIC)](https://enic.org.uk/Qualifications/SOC/Default.aspx). 

Author: ```suggestion
To check your qualifications meet the required standard in England you will need a [statement of comparability from the UK European Network of Information Centres (UK ENIC)](https://enic.org.uk/Qualifications/SOC/Default.aspx). 
```

The [UK Council for International Student Affairs website](https://www.ukcisa.org.uk/) has lots of helpful information about studying at an English university.

## How to apply for teacher training

You can [search for postgraduate teacher training courses](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/) that lead to qualified teacher status (QTS).  

[Find guidance on applying for teacher training courses](/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/teacher-training-application). 

When you get offered a place on a course, your provider will arrange a background and criminal records check. This is known as a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. You must pass these checks to teach students under 18. Safeguarding checks may take longer if you are living or have lived abroad. 

> You’ll also need to complete a fitness questionnaire before starting training. 

Author: Due to rules about immigration, not all providers can accept international applicants. Contact the providers before you apply to check.

> You’ll also need to complete a fitness questionnaire before starting training. 

Author: ```suggestion
You’ll also need to complete a fitness questionnaire before starting training. 

Due to rules about immigration, not all providers can accept international applicants. Check with providers before you apply.
```
